c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.exe
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.pdb
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.Form1.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.exe.licenses
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.exe
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.pdb
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.xml
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.FrLyLich.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_QLTaiKhoan.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_DoiMatKhau.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_MonCTD.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_MonTheLuc.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_MonHoc.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_KetQuaCTD.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_Lop.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_DSHocVien.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_KetQuaTheLuc.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_KetQuaHocTap.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_DaiDoi.resources
c:\users\huygiang\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.GUI.Uc_TieuDoan.resources
C:\Users\HuyGiang\Documents\GitHub\QuanLyTieuDoan\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.exe
C:\Users\HuyGiang\Documents\GitHub\QuanLyTieuDoan\QuanLyDonVi\QuanLyDonVi\obj\Debug\QuanLyDonVi.pdb
